Update 'Getting Started' section of README (#799)
osohq/oso: README.md

guides](https://docs.osohq.com/getting-started/quickstart.html) in the [Oso
documentation][docs].

> If you have questions, need help getting started, or want to discuss anything about the product, your use case, or authorization more generally – [join us on Slack](http://join-slack.osohq.com/) or [open an issue](https://github.com/osohq/oso).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have questions, need help getting started, or want to discuss anything about the product, your use case, or authorization more generally, [join us on Slack][badge-slack-link] or [open an issue](https://github.com/osohq/oso/issues).
```
